that sound
it's a tough summer ahead the governor
has declared a statewide drought
emergency on Washington State snowpack
levels this winter have only reached
sixteen percent of normal the world is
shaking erupting and blowing the second
super typhoon within a week last week's
storm now reached super typhoon status
and went on to batter the Philippines
now storm dolphin in the same area has
reached super typhoon status also it is
not now expected to make landfall this
time a Spanish heat wave is the highest
in over a century and it's only May with
settings as high as four to three
degrees Celsius or 110 degrees
Fahrenheit on Thursday the scorching
heat has claimed two lives our world is
erupting the new volcano eruption the
dollar mo crater on the island of
reunion is the latest in a string of
recent volcano activity around the world
this is the second eruption here since
februari this year there are many heat
waves this week around the globe a heat
wave in Israel Tuesday peaked at over 42
degrees Celsius which is 104 degrees
Fahrenheit world matters heavy with mud
or helping rescue and recovery efforts
in the devastated town of sal-gar when
my days landslide killed at least 52
people survivors are in shark in rodents
of the dead in this Northwest Colombian
town or grieving went to the bromeliad
Ozzy there were deaths in the family and
a sister who lived here where we are now
the husband the Sun they're gone
thousands of seabirds are found dead on
beaches in Chile just a week after 37
whales were washed ashore heatwave
conditions gripping a good jurat in
India are killing old and vulnerable
people as temperatures hover around 45
degrees amazing apocalyptic skies
returnable chilly after a second volcano
erupts and an entire landscape is bathed
in blood red our world is shaking a
magnitude 6.7 quake rocks the Pacific
Antarctic rich
and here's another and magnitude 6 quake
in Tonga in the South Pacific
an astonishing 44 million birds have
been destroyed more than 10 million a
month due to bird flu in the US since
the end of January 2015 now are now
eating spiral in oiled a window
wonderful photo of a UFO or strange
phenomena was taken this week by a
blogger Harry Burton in the north of
Holland it does resemble the Norwegian
spiral a powerful dust storm leaves 17
dead and 60 injured in Rajasthan India
just a day after record temperatures
left many dead after this storm the
record temperatures came back reaching
almost 50 degree Celsius and some ends
and here is another mount loken volcano
indonesia springs to life spewing
volcanic ash to a high of 1500 meter
isn't that just a wonderful side boom I
was shaking earth a magnitude 6.8 quake
in the Solomon Islands is the sixth
major quake in eight days and the ninth
magic wake of this month making it the
48th magic wave of 2015 just what is
reflecting the Sun on this dead 12th
planet Sarah's bright spots in closer
than ever nasa's dawn mission has
captured these wonderful images but what
could they be
you
well that's it again folks I'm afraid
thanks for watching
Oh
people are you